Hello everybody, I'm Jeff Davis, I'm your Comptroller, Carmen Town, from downtown, from
these prestigious heroin and get stabbed district of Los Angeles.
Carmen Town is now in session. Let's bring out our Game Master Extrusionaire, Spencer Crittenden.
Hello Spencer. What's up? What it is, man? I got the couch back. You're wearing, you got your
couch, you're wearing your iconic Lumberjackie kind of classic wardrobe. Let's bring out your mayor,
his name is Daniel Anastasia Harmon.
Damn.
Living in the city isn't easy for a child.
Trying to reach the sunlight even though your spirit's wild.
Living in the city should be, should be, pretty easy to reach sunlight if you're wild.
Oh, I didn't know I had a note session with a fellow person singing a song.
Living in the city feels trite. What does that even mean?
It feels trite. That's just a thing that high school teachers write on your essays.
Seven on a kitty. Damn. This feels overwrought.
I'm seventeen. It's a creative writing class. I should be overwrought. I don't know how to
take that note. It sounds like over ready.
Hello, Dan. How's it going? Compared to these days, which I imagine you kids,
you probably didn't have a school paper. You probably have a school text, a school emoji.
Where you're like, we're going to send out the school emoji.
You fucking robots. I'm not blaming you. I feel bad for you. I didn't make my school paper,
but I had one, and we had deadlines. You didn't work on your school paper.
I would assume that you would have been editor-in-chief of your school paper.
Look, make no mistake. I was top shit in terms of creating the content. That's not true.
No, there were better workers, harder workers, and there were people more respected. There were
better poets. There were better writers. But I loved working on the school paper.
I just wanted glory. I had a serialized Spencer. Hell, yes. This will wake you up.
Serial? I'm awake. I'm just behind everyone else. A new way of saying hi.
Didn't get that big a laugh. I'm not feeling good vibes tonight.
I'm not laughing at them. It seemed like I was shaming you like I'm I'm proud of you being
high. Oh yeah, me too. No, I'm loving it. I'm just not on my game. Love how high you are.
Yeah, see proud of you son. Oh yeah. I was in Boston where I didn't smoke much every time I
come back from a trip. That's the highest I've ever been. It's the best. Why are you in Boston?
There's this thing called packs. I guess there's a bunch of them. There's once closer
apparently, but I went to the one in Boston. You play games. Oh, you were were you DMing?
No, no, I should have. If I had any forethought at all, it would have been insane. How is it
packs compared to a Gen Con? I've never been to Gen Con. I want to do that too, but I don't know.
It was just weird though. I've never been to anything because it was it was kind of like
Comic Con just with a convention floor, you know, but then a good third of the space was just like
long tables and chairs that were just full of people playing fucking board games and games and
shit. It was crazy. There's so much game playing. I've just never seen. I mean, there's all these
cons we've been on. It's like check out what's on Fox and then it's like the cosplay brigade
or whatever, but it's like it's all this thing. You know, it's all just kind of like this weird
artifice or marketing or whatever. But like, this is just people doing doing games. It was interesting.
When I was your age, uh, uh, Ulysses S. Grant was president of the United States.
Blood was fair enough. I remember Comic Con. We would go to Comic Con and it would be like
because we were working in comic books and it would be like, oh, we're here to sign a comic book.
And then you'd walk around and be like, God damn, this place has a lot of people selling comic books.
Right. And then there was like also people are like, well, guys are walking around selling,
buying comic books. Maybe you'd like a sword. And the answer is that's fair. Yeah. There was a
dude. Lots of people want swords. There was a dude by comic books. It makes sense. In Inglewood,
that was had a sword in a Scientology church and he got killed by police because I think he
fucked up a couple of cops with a sword. Oh yeah. In a Scientology church. Is that what you called
them? Uh-huh. And it's like Inglewood's fucked up for a lot of reasons, but uh, if you're gonna
fucking have a sword thrown down, I like that it was a Scientology venue. Well, when you're,
it's because, because you're able to just be objective and you don't have to root for either
side. You're like, oh, I hope the police learned their lesson along with Zinu. I will, I will stab
your Satan. I don't know how it works. You just heard the word sword. And like, I mean, I'm already
three tangents deep, but I can't have you doing that. What? You're sober. I guess I can't. It's
fine. There's no guest. There's no guest. This is it. This is the show. I brought it up. Well,
what, it's okay. It's all right. It was a, it was a very spurious connection. I think. I was like,
I was like, based on something Spencer was saying about this convention where it's like,
oh, it's just people play games. And I was like, I remember from the old days, the early 90s,
like 93, 95, like I remember being a comic con and like selling and buying comic books out of
big boxes and everyone was just like, it's just comic con. And yeah, there was a ton of shit that
wasn't comics. I'm not, I don't, I'm not going to like be an old timer that like pretends and,
you know, there's nothing but comic books. I was like, no, it's a bunch of swords.
And, and like, but, and then I, but I remember like when it was like that central area of the
exhibit floor, like the day that it was like the PlayStation one, like, like kind of like, like,
oh, what's the fuck is going on in the middle of this fucking, why the hell are we having to walk
around this? I was like, well, some video game decided that because technically we're all nerds
that maybe we'd be interested in Papa the Rapper, like, like, like coming out on
fucking Xbox or something. And it was like, like it just started. And there was like,
like along with that, it was like everyone's wrong. What was that Bruce Willis? What the
fuck's going on? Yeah. Hey, and then, and then with that comes like that. Hey, stop sitting on
the floor, fatty. Well, I got a bunch of comic books. Yeah, bet you do. You know who's got more
comic books than you, Bruce Willis. You fucking sit in the floor in front of him. I'm gonna fucking
mace your ass. Now that conversation never happened. Yeah, no, those guys, the guys are bad. Those
staff guys at Comic Con are bad. At PAX, they were like volunteers and they were actually really
good at their jobs. They were like very, like, like contextual with their enforcements. But
just so that both sides are represented. I'm a big both sideist. Uh-oh. We were at WonderCon.
That was a real like all the security there was volunteer, which is why a guy came up to talk
about Deadpool and his friend came up to punch him in the face. And then we were paid in an
envelope of cash and whisked back to the hotel. Those were bad. I will never go back to Florida
again. If I want to know about Florida, I will watch Flocka videos. That was a show that I was
not... You on that Flocka? Wow! Wow! I was not at that show. I wonder like how that would have
gone down if I had interfered in that like interference loop. I bet you would have caught
his punch. No, I wouldn't because I'm not a martial artist. No, you wouldn't. I just think
I would have made the person feel bad before they started throwing punches at people.
The guy who did not take a survey, like he... It was all very... It all happened very fast.
The guy walked up and punched his friend in the face. The thing is, it looked like he
was going to grab a mic until the very last second, which is a semi-precedent phenomenon,
unfortunately. And he punched his friend. He's alleged friend. Well, we found out later that
they were friends. Was that a setup? It may have been. What's the difference when you're 22?
Everything's a joke. Nothing's a joke. Like everything's... You're Tyler Durden. You're
Robert Edwards or whatever the Hulk's name is. You're...
Bruce Bannon. It's not Robert Evans. Ed Norton.
You're Robert Evans. You're kids in the picture. You're kids out of the picture.
The kids of the Hulk. It doesn't matter to them. They're 22. What's the difference between life
and death? You're 22. Here was what I did when I was 22. I spent five years doing nothing but
smoking weed out of a bong I made out of a syrup bottle. It was fucking melted plastic I was smoking.
Like I wasn't even smoking weed. I tested that theory. I was like, well, maybe it's just a placebo.
Yeah, or you've been huffing fucking burnt plastic for five years. Like Cheryl Crowe thinks she got
cancer from the water bottles in the backseat of her car. Like it's a real thing. Like the idea
of just water soaking in plastic, let alone heated. This is why I can't remember Ed Norton's name.
It's not Ed Norton. That's from Honeymooners. It's Robert Evans.
Ed Norton is the Hulk. It's Bixby. Bixby is the Hulk. Well, come on. Bill Bixby played. Bill Bixby
played the name of the character. Ed Norton. It's not Ed Norton. That's the actor of the
new Hulk. He played the Hulk in one of the nine Hulk movies. The angry one where the Hulk appears on
page 71. Wait, what? Wait, say what? Ed Norton made the punk rock response. He was like, yeah,
no, come on. I'm not making that fucking shit. The Hulk speaks to me. It's about trying to manage
your fucking anger. I'm not mocking him. It sounds a lot like I am. It was good. No, no.
Mark Ruffalo, right? Mark Ruffalo. He bees the Hulk. No, no, no. Who was in the angry one?
Eric Banna. Ang Lee, Eric Banna. Josh Whedon cracked the code. Like, don't make Hulk movies.
Josh Whedon said, he's like, you can't make a Hulk movie. The Hulk is a Marvel character that
hates the one thing the audience loves. Like, you can't. The Thor isn't like that. He's like,
don't get that fucking hammer away from me. Unfortunately, the Hulk is just like the closest
thing you're going to get to a DC character in the Marvel universe. You can do anything but
doesn't want to. Who is the actor that played the 70s or 80s Hulk? Bill Bixby. Bill Bixby, yeah.
Well, Lufrigna was the Hulk, but who? Bill Bixby was the non-Hulky version of that character.
Fantastic. I wish, I really wish Bill Bixby, well, I mean, if he was, Bill Bixby is fucking great.
Watch my favorite Martian, the young Bill Bixby. He'd Hulk out and his pants would fly off,
and then all of a sudden he had a rope belt. Where did that rope come from? He had an endless
supply of rope, but not an endless supply. It came from a satisfied audience in the Academy of
Television Sciences because that show won an Emmy for Best Dramatic Series on television. The Hulk,
where they would regularly, if they had to show a close-up of the Hulk's foot,
mashing a gas pedal, as it sometimes did, because sometimes the Hulk did need to angrily drive a
car. And they would show a close-up of his foot, and it would be Lufrigna's foot with a little
green pantyhose on it, like a little, like a spandex. But also the pants were torn in a way
that like a pirate's pants are torn. They weren't torn in regular, like, I, oh, my leg got three
times bigger. They were torn in a weird department kind of way. But it was amazing, like they would
show, I was watching a Hulk rerun and they showed like the Hulk went, and like jammed his foot.
And you could tell, it's like, okay, so what are we going to cut to in the edit bay? And the answer
is usually like a second unit. Like if you, you can bank this stuff, like they're like, well,
yeah, we sent out the crew and we shot like one of the stunt guys or whatever, like we shot their
foot going through the thing. And it was like the guys, like whoever it is, they're wearing like,
they're wearing a thing that would make sense for them to wear instead of spray painting their feet
green if they're doing like shots of them, like leaping over fences or whatever. But this, which
is like they're wearing like a green sock on their foot. And it doesn't, it's not like, I mean in
this world of CG, you don't even probably don't even understand what I'm really saying. Like it's
just like green tights like on your foot, like, so there's no toes. And they do like a close-up of
big, and it's like, editor was like, yeah, I'll use it. And the executive producer was like,
what are you doing a sock commercial? And he's like, no, this is your show about the Hulk.
And the EP was like, okay, well, what's it, what do we do after this? It goes into the Smithsonian.
No, it goes on television for an hour. And like, oh, are you sure people aren't gonna, dude,
there's no, what do you think people are gonna record it? People are gonna watch it over and
over again. 75% of the human beings that love your show and gave you an Emmy are never gonna
see that foot. They're gonna be making a sandwich. They're gonna be yelling at their daughter for
joining the occult. The MRA. And like, none of them knew, the VCR hadn't been invented. So like,
back then, it was just going out of the airwaves, which means it's like going, like, it's like
pissing it out of your dick. But also, watching old TV on high-def television, like a great digital
TV, changes everything. When it's remastered, like if they would shoot Night Rider on film,
and then they would, and then it got broadcast, you know, that some of these old shows, like they
shoot it on film and then, and then if they kept the shit or whatever, it's like they'll do like
Night Rider on Blu-ray. You can like watch the thing and you're like, oh, now you're seeing
shit that not only, but I'm just saying even, even before high-def where you're like, oh,
they didn't know Wonder Woman's like wig would look like, you know, they didn't know we could see
that makeup because they didn't have high-def. But I'm saying even like the, they also didn't
understand the high-def that is we would all have all media permanently stored forever.
Forever, yeah. It wasn't momentary. They were just like, well, what we do is we like throw
these candies at a parade. And I'm not imputing them at all. They took great pride in it, but they
thought that their job was like, they've spent more time going like, when you throw candy,
don't hit a kid in the eye. Don't let them choke, you know, like don't throw it to a kid who looks
like his epiglottis might be malformed. Like they, they were focused more on different shit
because it was of the moment. And now we live in this world where it's like every candy is like
beamed into their brain by Venmo and they have it forever. So keep in mind that five years from now
you might be committing a felony. Do you remember when the Harlem Globetrotters made it to Gilligan's
Island? Yeah, but they finally made it. But also, also fucking, also they got off the island. Like in
the same episode. Everybody does. How come the cast can't be smarter than the Harlem Globetrotters
and make a boat? These are, these are old questions, Jeff. Everybody wonders that. Let's do a segment
called old TV questions. Oh yeah. Who's got an old TV question for me? Don't ask them.
I have 800,000 questions about Fantasy Island. Yeah. Chris McKenna and I are obsessed. Like
without having even really rewatched the show, Chris McKenna and I are from community are
constantly talking about like doing our Fantasy Island reboot where, where you focus more on the
people that work at Fantasy Island because it's like, what the fuck for those of you who don't
know, you probably have heard the log. Like you're probably as familiar with it as I am,
even though I grew up like with it actually on the air, but you probably because it's such a
simple concept. It's Mr. Rourke, Ricardo Montalban, Montalban and his diminutive magical friend,
Herve Villaches playing a guy named Tattoo. They both wear white suits and they work on this island
and a plane comes down plane lands with three people or couples. And as they get off the plane,
Mr. Tattoo goes, who's that boss? What about them? Ah, Tattoo. That is a famous author, J.K. Rowling.
Sometimes it would be ripped from the headlines in that like subtle 70s way. Like that's a famous
author, R.K. Fowling. You know, like, oh, I get it. Like the archetype of the famous author. And
it's like, she's, oh God, she sold over 300,000 books. That's half the population of the earth.
That's correct, Tattoo. But she's never experienced the gas shortage. No, I'm just trying to say it's
like a 70s show. I don't know. Dan Harmon answers his own TV question. But like a massive bulk
of the people that came to Fantasy Island, a huge percentage of the people that came to Fantasy
Island were getting, you know, they all paid ostensibly, I would say, an exorbitant price.
Otherwise, why isn't there a ship full of people? It's always a sea plane and people are getting
off and they look rich and they're like always bestselling authors. And so they paid a hefty sum
and then like a lot of them were like, like came there going, I want to be famous or I want to be
a rock star or I want to be rich. I want to be respected. And like a bunch of them, if not all
of them, like it was like, oh, okay, I guess that's kind of fucked up that you made me get chased by
a dinosaur. But now that I think of it, I just needed confidence. Bye. Thank you. Fantasy fulfilled
just not the one I paid for the one I needed. Can I have my money back? My memory is that they
were always like, they accidentally found out they needed to fall in love with Orson Welles or
somebody like they had to. I mean, all I remember as a kid is it was always like the only theme I
remember concept was just sort of like, but I'm unhappy now. Yes, but that's the point. Oh, thank
you. I could I could have sworn I could have gone to McDonald's with a thousand times less money
than I gave you and gotten more opportunity to inspect myself. But would you have hung out with
Stephanie? What's her name? Zimbalist? The cast of that show is always great. Well,
but that's the only other thing about Fantasy Island is like the fascinating thing is that
even though there's three couples that show up at the beginning of the episode,
there's like there's always these establishing shots of like, oh, and then fantasy island
business is going on. And there's like, you see like people, there's like waiters bringing
coconut drinks to like people that are sitting by the side of the pool. And none of those people
came in on a sea plane. I think they all did. I think they're all on a fantasy island. You think
every time I mean that's like a rotation of sea planes. The camera focuses on Stephanie powers
and like Robert something. I was assuming more that like you could also come to fantasy island
on a huge shitty ferry from New Jersey or something and like pay $80 a weekend to like
sit near rich people who were being taught that they shouldn't need shit as much.
Like you're just like, give me another drink. Stop yelling. Hey, well, listen, Mr. Rourke
ain't going to teach you to fucking quit lipping off. So because we didn't pay for the platinum
package to just fucking do what I say and give me a napkin. I can't wait till we're rich enough
to come to this island and and tattoo says who's that and Mr. Rourke says it's a guy who wishes
his wife would shut up so that you get chased by a dinosaur. Yeah, well, I'm looking around and I
ain't see a new dinosaurs. So shut your lip, Rebecca. Oh, it's a living. I was just in Atlantic
City and you did a perfect impression of everybody every conversation. You just walk down the
street and you see, oh, this looks like a lovely couple. And I was like, Oh, who's going to fuck
me tonight? You fucking jamook. You fucking piece of shit. Stugatz. And there's the guy
talking to the girl and the girl goes, Oh, who the fuck are you? You fucking and then they go,
Oh, Jeff Davis, we love your show coming tonight. That's terrific. And then they come up on stage.
The audience was drunker than the cast, which we find highly disrespectful.
Holy fuck, Jersey audiences. I had it off to you because wow.
The women smoke and talk like stevedores. It's really, it's amazing. I mean, that's hot.
But that might be part of the Marissa Tomei, my cousin Vinnie Trope of like, like, I don't know,
but I think I mean, I like, I like a dirty girl. I told you the story. Have I told the story?
I don't like Princess Leia. I don't want to soil Princess Leia. I know I did my little disgusting
misogynistic rant about Amy Grant, but that was my old 15 year old self. I was like, Oh, I want to,
I have grown into a man that wants to be soiled. And I have found a partner that I feel, I always
feel dirtier after I have sex with Cody. And that's why I am proud to give her my fucking.
I'm never going to get an erection again after that.
I have told the story about what the girl said that was trying to come on to Ryan in
Morristown, New Jersey, right? I've told the story before, haven't I?
I don't know. Audience have. Go for it. Just let her rip.
All right. So we're at, we did a show in Morristown, New Jersey. It's very nice.
And it's like the Mayo something. It's a fancy theater and across the street is a nice pub.
We meet some... The Mayo theater sounds incredible. One of those fancy places, like the Mayo theater.
No, like the Mayo Center. Like it's like an aristocratic kind of, you know,
healthy occupational... A healthy... Asker Meyer auditorium.
Yes. It was a miracle. And we are at this pub across the street and Ryan and I and Greg
Proops and I think Chip Eston, we meet a gang of waitresses and they all say,
hey, you guys got to come to this bar after we're done.
You got to come to this fucking bar. No, no, no. They're currently working.
They're wearing their working tops. So they can't cuss.
They can't cuss. They're being very... Well, I think that's how people in Jersey dress.
Huh? Well, go ahead. Get started.
These are women that are wearing a bow tie and an apron and a thing at a club.
We go to a club and it is... I will never forget that when we walked in,
Ice Ice Baby was playing and people were line dancing to it.
They were doing the electric slide to Ice Ice Baby.
They're like, oh shit, it's fucking 1991 right now. It's great.
And there was a giant transgender woman, I'll say, who looked like Mean Joe Green
wearing a blue cocktail dress who like immediately fell in love with Ryan Stiles
because he knew who he was. You're selling this place.
If you go to Maristown, find this fucking place because it's great.
Like it's just drywall. There's no... There's nothing. It's just a fucking nightmare.
And we want to hide right now. Are we safe?
Ryan Stiles is six foot six, I think.
This guy is a head taller than him.
The cocktail fella?
He's just a person that's at the bar.
Oh, okay. Different fella.
And Ryan introduced me to him or her and said, hey, Jeff, have you met the little lady?
Have you met the little lady? He died laughing. We all had a good time.
And then we all went to another bar and then three girls followed us.
One girl who was also like flat footed my height.
I'm 6'4". She in the middle of the street just started making out with me.
He's 6'2".
This was unheralded.
He's 6'4 on his toes.
And I go, hey, whoa, whoa, whoa.
And the other girl comes up to me that was coming on to Ryan,
who is like the best looking of the trio.
And she goes, Jeff, she goes, I want to make out with Ryan tonight.
I go, you just told me that that guy right behind us is your fiance.
You know that Ryan is married.
And she goes, oh, you got to be single to fuck with you guys.
All right. You found my, I don't want to go there anymore.
I don't like, I don't like...
New Jersey is fucking insane.
It's a crazy place made of crazy people.
When I got to Boston, like within like two hours of being there,
I got to my hotel and then I left my hotel to get dinner
and just walking to a restaurant.
I heard two separate people just like call other people the F word for a gaisler.
And I was like, wow, this is just, yeah, this is Boston. Okay.
Like the two syllable version?
Yeah, yeah. It was, I was like, wow, this is, it was great.
I mean, not great, you know, it was Boston as fuck.
Boston.
Simpler times.
I was, I was in...
I was in Vegas yesterday.
I was in Las Vegas.
Did someone say Thursday?
Yeah, that's what happened.
You said it. Simpler times Thursday.
Yeah, in Boston.
I was walking behind two cats at a place in Vegas yesterday
and the guy goes, I'm pretty sure Philadelphia accent.
I can't do a great Philadelphia accent, but I guarantee.
Which borough?
You heard me. Which side of the 10105?
Yeah, it's by the fucking thing.
What the fuck are you want to talk about?
Who am I? The fucking guy?
Like a West, a West Lisbon.
It's by Permanis and you got to get it off your chest.
It's by Permanis.
But a guy in front of me wearing a tank top
on a Saturday afternoon, as you do in Vegas,
if you are determined to never get late.
Sandals and tank tops.
One guy in a tank top with a backwards baseball cap
says to the other guy in a tank top
what I think with a forward baseball cap.
He goes, you fucking motherfucker.
I was up 12 grand.
I'm down 12 grand now, you fucking motherfucker.
I'm fucking down 12 grand.
But you should have fucking walked away.
There's children walking by them.
The beauty of Vegas is that nobody has any fucking heldry
and fucking bull.
Well, that's how those guys learned.
But also, I like the fact that that guy had 12 grand
to throw around.
It's not like if you keep those kids out of that place
they all turn into neurophysicists.
They basically end up 85% of them back there going
hey, oh, wait.
I hate all of you.
If you're down 12 grand and you're wearing a tank top,
that's your fault.
Yeah, because it's a choice you make.
I'm saying I'm adding the added cynicism
that you can't save those kids.
Most of them turn out to be fucking idiots.
You could raise them in a fucking under a rockin' at NASA.
I guess that's dangerous.
Where's the smartest place you could raise a kid?
Where's a kid surrounded?
Under underneath a giant rocket.
I already said that's not a good place.
Dummy.
You fucking Stugots.
Anyways, what I was going to say to you was
that, god damn it, now I lost it again.
Oh, no.
It was, wait, shit, shit, shit, shit, fuck, fuck, fuck.
We're almost there.
God damn it, god damn it.
It's coming around.
You're going to get it.
This is about Boston.
It wasn't Boston.
No, no, no, no.
Way, way back.
Way back.
Memory.
Maybe a beat will bring it around for you.
Talk it.
Try to think about the thoughts in your head.
Try to visualize a warehouse instead.
Like the Dreamcatcher movie when they went through the halls
so that you could understand it all about the concept of memory.
So you guys see Dreamcatcher?
All right, stop.
I just got bummed out.
A character in the movie Dreamcatcher, Stephen King's Dreamcatcher,
and they're like, oh, man.
It's a nine-hour mini-series event.
They couldn't figure out what to remove from this tome.
It's just adapted.
People need to see it.
It's words coming out of a typewriter.
What do we do?
We got to commit it to film.
If the book says they did this, they got to do that.
If the book was 300 pages, then the script's going to be 900 pages.
If that means that the thing's going to be 10 hours long,
then we can't put it in a theater.
No theater will fit.
Release it on television.
There, I said it.
OK, so Dreamcatcher is like a 900-page script for a 10-hour event
about a group of grown-ups who get this in their childhood
used to experience magical things that were scary,
that taught them that they were special in amorphous ways.
So then in adulthood, they get together and the ay-ya-yi-ya-yi
find your backspace key.
There, I said it.
I got drunk enough.
I wouldn't do anything.
You know why?
I have enough integrity that I don't ever write anything.
My fingers tremble with the responsibility above the keys
because I'm no hack.
I would never finish Monster House.
I would have spent another 20 years.
You would never know how that house would stop being a monster.
I never would have told you how it started.
Why did the house become a monster?
The lady at a circus didn't get loved enough.
They finished that for me.
As far as I understood it,
the point of the movie was supposed to be,
don't ask those questions.
They go to the library and they pull out a book
and it's supposed to be like,
Schrabs pitched it and I was like, that's great.
Let's just do it this way.
They go to the library and they pull out a book
and there's a page and it's like Abe Lincoln's fighting a monster log cabin
with a coal shovel.
They're like, this has been happening since the beginning of time.
There's a word for this kind of demon.
It's like a property demon.
If you die coveting your property a certain amount,
there's like a monster pyramid biting in Egyptian.
It's like, if you...
Fuck it, make monster pyramid.
That's a fucking, that's your movie.
What if they had let me finish that beautiful script?
I would be on my third draft by now,
but no, they dragged it out of me.
Monster pyramid, I want to fucking see that immediately.
But you're not supposed to then go find out that,
oh, on top of that there's another reason why the house is a monster
and it's not what you thought, it's because of body shaming.
I'm fine with that too,
but it's like I would have removed the time life book
and I would have like, you know,
but you know, I would have not written it is my point.
Here I am, 46 years old,
like what am I trying to convince you kids of?
The mythology of the auteur, it's garbage.
Like what am I? I'm a piece of shit.
I'm a terrible, like I'm a scarecrow, a living scarecrow.
I should be a cautionary tale to you.
Don't let the crows of your ambition land in my corn.
You should see me crucified by my own self-imposed paralysis.
That was a lot of redundancy and I would have refined that,
but I don't have a backspace key in the podcast.
It's like I wouldn't have written this scene.
Hit the backspace.
Okay, let's move on to something else.
So it was the fucking...
Yeah.
God damn it.
Thank you.
I was talking about, what did I talk about when I first came out?
No, that was me. What did you talk about?
Go back.
Right.
Because you would just say, Fort?
School papers.
School papers. Ah, yes.
Yes.
Thanks.
Good job, guys.
Thank you.
We did it.
We worked as a team.
Teamwork makes the dream work.
This podcast is going to be all right.
I just wanted to let you know that on my school paper,
I wrote, I tried to write a serialized medieval fantasy piece.
Yeah, that's awesome.
That was going to be this epic thing.
It was called The Legend of Falstaff or something.
Uh-huh.
And I was like, I think I wrote like two installments
and just like walked away from it.
Yeah.
Because I was like, this is so long and rambling.
I don't want to do this anymore.
My friend used to just do like fraudulent articles in his school newspaper
and it would just be all like, there's a new Coke in the Pepsi machine
because Russia is trying to initiate a new Red Scare
or something like that.
Yeah.
He's ahead of his time.
And that guy's name?
Reince Priebus.
Thank you.
I got one big laugh from a dude.
It's a funny name.
That guy loves the Priebus.
You laughed harder than I hoped anybody would.
I don't know how you pronounce it.
You pronounce Priebus' first name.
I think it's Reince.
Reince.
I like that you were kind of like,
that was like after 9-11 when my grandma was like,
what's up with that bin laden?
Like you haven't heard bin laden's name said by anyone?
Like that old person like impulsed
like I'm not going to fucking say the vowels of their name, right?
The fuck have they done for me?
Bin laden.
You still say baggle, instead of baggle.
Yeah, that's not because I fucking wish baggles would burn in hell
because they fucking inged...
But you've heard the word baggle more than you said it.
You certainly must have heard the word baggle more
than you've pronounced the word baggle.
My fucking grandma just learned the word
the same time everyone else did.
She's watching the towers go down.
She sees bin laden.
Wolf Blitzer says bin laden.
What the...
You telling me my fucking grandma doesn't have the option?
She's dead now.
Are you happy?
I am.
How is that comparable?
I'm talking about you not saying baggle.
Yeah, I know.
It's crazy that you're drawing that parallel.
It's crazy.
You can't say baggle.
I try not to.
I don't know what people are talking about.
Baggle.
It's spelled like a fucking bag.
At this point in my life, I've tried to own it.
I've tried to celebrate it.
I've tried to fucking fix it.
You people are ridiculous.
I'll apparently, every once in a while, by the way,
apparently I'll accidentally say baggle.
Baggle.
You have to act like you're going to eat one.
Apparently I'll accidentally do that sometimes
because when I do,
that's where the shit really flies.
It's like the time I combed my hair in seventh grade.
Never again.
Whoa, dude, dude, whoa.
You combed your hair.
Yeah, like on accident.
Because believe me, I'm not taking fucking notes from you.
You fucking immaculate piece of shit.
You horrible precursor to 30 years of suffering
that will culminate in it being unfashionable
for me to be a victim?
Have you ever thought about how it feels?
For my career to culminate right when old white men
aren't fun anymore?
Think about, what did you think about me for a second?
It's high time the white men had a platform.
Yeah.
Well, it's a high time we kept it.
I guess it's what I just got here.
I just got on that platform.
I clambered up it.
I felt like a woman.
I had to work so hard.
I don't even know what it's like to be white,
but it can't be any different.
I'm going to explain it all.
What do you mean you don't want to hear from me?
Where are you going?
Come back.
All right, I'll just buy this house over here.
Hey, did you make a sketch where you fucked a baby?
No, it wasn't a real baby.
But you never heard the word bagel?
God damn it!
I only ever saw it in print.
I didn't grow up in a fucking fancy house like yours.
Ham and rules.
I know how to pronounce ham and rules.
You fucking debutant.
Are you saying that you were so deep into Wisconsin
that there was no bagel shops around?
We had bagels, but they were fucking...
It's not a regional thing, okay?
I grew up fucking poor, and I was like...
No, you fucking didn't.
Yeah, I did.
No, you didn't.
Prove I didn't.
Oh, shit.
Show us the tax returns.
I grew up so poor.
Wait, I mean...
How poor were you?
My Tonka trucks were tonsil trucks.
They were removed tonsils from privileged kids
who could have their tonsils removed.
My tonsils rotted in the back of my throat,
and I had to swallow them and donate my shit
to the coal company that my dad worked for.
Also, I heard you were pretty poor.
How poor was he?
I just told you, and I'm like a really reliable metric.
No, do another one.
Top five.
How poor was Dan Harmon growing up?
When I got...
What'd you do with paper plates?
Probably something funny.
No, you can't.
Dan was so poor, his uncle died
and came back as a hillbilly,
and the doctor called it a case of re-intarnation.
That's so fucking poor.
That's how poor Dan's family was.
Re-incarnation.
Wow.
Your family's so poor that they taught you
how to stretch a premise connection.
A bartender told me that joke in Sacramento
four days ago, and I think,
Here's how poor you are.
Two guys walked into a bar.
My least-in-locks were real locks there.
That's the one I had in the chamber.
Now listen, we got a lot of stuff to talk about.
Do you know the difference between...
Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd have in common?
Both of their last hits was The Wall.
Oh.
That's crass.
That's wildling humor.
No heraldry.
That's not a wildling joke.
There's no heraldry anymore.
That's a fucking good joke.
No heraldry.
Maybe if the Lannisters bullied you for your whole life
and you were thrown to the wolves
and then you were raised by white walkers,
but you fight them enough for them to respect you,
and then you were a redhead whittling in a cave.
Maybe I'd let you laugh at that.
If you were like that one...
What was your name?
Team Cersei.
I'm Team Cersei.
Team Cersei?
What about those sleeves, honey?
I don't know whether to...
Where are this or...
What is it, a slanket?
All right.
I appreciate you guys being here.
Dan, do you know why Joseph Stalin
only wrote in lowercase letters?
Wait, why always...
I hated capitalism.
Do you know why ducks have tail feathers?
To protect their capitalism.
Because they hate capitalism.
Why?
It's to protect their butt quacks.
Butt quacks?
Because they're ducks, Dan.
They also have regular assholes.
Have a little glee in your life.
Learn how to be a child again.
That's just willful absurdity.
That's not childhood innocence.
Butt quacks, they also have butt cracks.
They have tail feathers.
But they don't have butt cracks.
They have butt quacks because they're ducks.
Then say what do ducks go to the proctologists
to have inspected?
Let me answer.
Ask me.
Yes, what?
Butt quacks.
What's the difference between what I did and what you did?
Mine is more efficient.
Mine is nature saying that God gave them tail feathers
to protect their butt quacks.
So they don't have to go to seek medical attention.
Jeff, do you comb your butt?
I don't.
Then why do you have a part in the middle?
Do you know why the toilet paper could not cross the road?
It tee peas.
It got stuck in a crack.
Yeah, I mean, that works.
By the way, for the record, I approve of that kind of wordplay.
I don't laugh at it.
But I'm like, okay, that scans, I'm fine.
The butt quack thing, I'm not going to, whatever.
Dan, a friend of mine just got a job as a security guard.
And his boss told him, you got to watch the office.
And he's on season three right now.
He loves it.
He hates it, but he loves it.
He's just mad it wasn't community.
I don't think so.
Not that we, I mean, this steam train's steaming,
but like, I was going to...
I dropped a suit off of the dry cleaners.
Okay, well let me, let's just make this a segment
so I can sit down for it.
I feel like...
Press the button.
Well, I tried.
Jeff's joke corner.
This is not a joke.
This is an actual slice of life daily Jeff Davis kind of information.
I got one of those, too.
There's a white nationalist in the Oval Office.
I could use a joke.
Jeff's joke corner.
All right, Spencer, you got one?
What did the hot dog say to the sausage?
No, no, yours is going to be better.
Well, that's why I want you to go first.
Oh, no.
Okay, so I was driving down the road.
What was it?
The five north towards Sun Valley, right?
And I see an ambulance and it's going buck wild
and the back opens up and this ice chest flies out.
And so I pull over.
Wait, this really happened?
Oh, yeah.
And so I pull over and I get it and there's a human toe inside.
Okay.
Yeah.
So I called the tow truck.
Yes.
Yeah.
Jeff's joke corner.
Okay, I don't know how to.
I'm familiar with a set of circumstances also related to the medical community
that surround a set of circumstances.
Buckle up, everybody.
But I don't know the wording right because it seems to me
that the only way to tell the joke is to repeat the same word
in the setup as in the punchline.
That's the part I can't figure out.
That's what's tricky.
I'm going to construct it in a way that doesn't require that.
Yes, that's the hard part.
Just shoot from the hip.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm going to.
Spray and pray, baby.
There's a guy went into the doctor and this just happened.
And the doctor said, hello.
How can I help you?
And the guy was like, well, I don't know.
How do I start?
Like, should you shrink me down?
And the doctor's like, what?
Well, this is not a conversation I ever have in here.
We don't have that kind of technology.
And the guy's like, well, what do you have, like, a large bottle
that I fit in?
And the doctor's like, well, sir, please.
We could go on like this forever.
But just explain to me what's going on.
He's like, I saw this sign outside your building.
It said, vitamin B1.
Yeah, Jess Joe Karner.
Jess Joe Karner.
I'm really, I'm going to listen to a playback of the sound you guys
just finished making.
Because there was a lot of victory in it.
Like, I kind of thought it was like a rolling thunder.
It was good.
It was kind of like just uncomfortable.
Oh, yeah.
But part of it was that I like invited you into a kind of a magical world.
They were ready.
Like, it wasn't like, oh, you suck to telling the joke,
or that guy's dumb for wanting to be a vitamin.
I do have a lot of questions about him, too.
You were like, oh, fuck.
What kind of world is this?
This guy wants to be a vitamin that bad?
Just because a sign told him?
He wanted to be a vitamin.
Like, what if he passed a sign that was like,
I mean, who knows what that guy could have read that day?
He's even, he's gotten to the point in his head
where he's interpreting letters as verbs.
Like, it's just B1.
And he's like, I got it.
You didn't want to waste time on that sign.
I'll go ask the doctor how to shrink me.
Because in the original joke, it's like the guy says,
I want to be a vitamin.
That's not a real joke.
You can't say that.
The guy says, I want to be a vitamin.
And the doctor says, why?
And the guy says, because the sign said vitamin B1.
Well, the doctor would be like, well,
you can't use the word vitamin and B in your fucking setup.
And the guy would be like, I'm not a joke.
The doctor would be like, well, then you're just a psychopath.
You're dangerous.
Like Sirhan, Sirhan had more going on.
And he shot a Kennedy.
And the guy's like, who's that?
There's jokes from the 50s.
Like vitamin B1 signs were so new that people were like,
what if this happened?
People were so scared.
Vitamin advertisements were going to undermine the fabric.
They're like, hey, did you hear about that guy?
Someone's going to see that sign and walk right in there
and try to turn into a vitamin.
That was their definition of problems.
They reflected growing tensions of abbreviations at the time.
And then they went to Woodstock and they just fucked the planet.
They were like, oh, peace, love.
Fuck this.
What if this is a polar ice cap?
Let me smoke that.
I don't even know what these people were doing.
I know it's all their fault.
That's right.
Well, you heard me.
There's smoke in the ice.
I didn't stutter.
I assume you're grandparents.
My parents, they hurt you.
They did it.
We got to blame somebody.
They love the Beatles and they ruined everything.
I'm not on Twitter anymore.
I can't blame the attorney general for anything.
I can't remember his name.
Roseanne Barr.
What do you think of that Mueller report, Jeff?
Any thoughts on that?
I thought it was pretty fucking disappointing.
And it was always going to be disappointing.
And this motherfucker is going to get re-elected.
Fucking mark my words.
I don't mean to be the voice of doom.
But why do you think otherwise?
Is Beto at work going to come save the day?
Oh, yeah.
He's going to do it.
No, he's fucking not.
Oh, yeah.
He's going to win.
No.
No, he's not.
I bought 50 bucks on him winning.
We're betting tonight.
We're taking bets.
I forgot.
It's March Madness.
Oh, yeah.
Purdue in overtime.
Yeah, a lot.
Something.
So, Dan, did you hear that I took my suit into the dry cleaners
the other day?
Yeah.
As I do, because I wear a lot of suits.
I'm on the road a lot.
I travel.
I wear a lot of suits.
And I took my suit into the dry cleaners and she said,
come again.
And I said, well, no, it's just a little toothpaste.
Yeah.
I like it.
Because she assumes that I have jizz all over my suits.
Yeah.
And you assume that she was like, again.
I think that she's very justified because I frequently jerk off all over my suits.
Well, no, it's like, it's a call of dressing like that isn't to make other people come.
What is it?
Nothing.
Go ahead.
Keep going.
I didn't assume it was your cum.
She did.
How do you know?
I was thinking.
Tell the duck joke.
OK.
The duck?
No.
The guy?
Wait.
Don't happen, Professor.
I fucked up.
I ruined it.
The guy goes to a brothel and he says, I want to have sex with a sex worker, but I only
have a dollar.
And the brothel manager says, then you can use this duck and gives him a duck and he goes
upstairs with the duck and he comes back down and he says, that was the best sex ever.
I can't believe it only cost a dollar.
I probably shouldn't feed back this much.
He's filling out.
But fuck it.
I want to live in a transparent society where you should know, customer satisfaction, thumbs
up, best dollar I ever spent, best sex I ever had.
Goodbye, my name is Herman Johnson.
From the North Hampshire, Johnson's.
My branch of the family represents a bit of a black sheep.
Apparently we have Woody Woodpecker in the crowd.
Don't tell him.
That was the greatest laugh of all time.
Most involuntary laugh for sure.
No one would sound that way on purpose.
He did a full on Woody Woodpecker.
Anyways, that was an intentional departure.
The truth is I can tell this joke effortlessly and sound like a regular road comic.
The guy then comes back the next day.
The sun goes down and comes back up.
There's other things that happen in the town.
This isn't the most important thing that's happening in the town, but it's just where
we are.
And the guy comes back in and he goes, I would like to have the same sex for the same price.
And they're like, here's your duck, fuck no, they don't say that.
They say, here's, fuck, they don't say anything because if they do, it fucks it up.
They put, but I also can't say, it's going to end up being a different duck and I have
to work around that.
How do you do that?
How do you not refer to the duck as either the duck or a duck?
I think it is the duck.
He asks for the duck and they give him a duck.
Do you have the duck?
Okay.
I'll watch it and it says, do you have the duck?
I'll have the duck again.
And they're like, and they silently put a duck on the counter.
And he's like, I can't believe you, white feathers, orange bills, quacks.
You can't tell this joke.
You've told it.
See you in a minute.
Wow.
And I'll pay you afterward this time because even though last time it started with me telling
you how much money I had and you giving me the duck because of the price, this time the
transaction has changed even though I'm back for the same thing.
There's an unspoken sort of like, I'm good for it.
I'm a satisfied customer.
You've seen my Yelp review.
I'm not going to bulk at the price.
I don't expect it to change.
It's been one day, but thanks for the duck.
And the person's like, they just nod because the less he knows, the better at this point.
So he has again, then pause, hit pause, hold your thought.
Are you fucking around?
Are you really that bad at remembering this joke?
I'm telling the judge, I know I'm taking longer, but I just like I'm pointing out spots that
I don't.
I'm getting hung up on.
Okay.
I'm not.
Play.
It was not the part.
I did the part as a joke, like where the guy had the guy's family, whatever, like that
was a joke because I didn't think I would get hung up again by other stuff.
So he comes back in and he gets the other thing.
So he has more sex with what he thinks is the, but he just, he just, he just, he's just
up there.
It doesn't matter.
The camera stays down here.
And then he, so he comes back down with the duck.
And by the duck, we now mean the duck he's holding.
So we're none the wiser.
And he, and he puts it on the counter and he says, now I'm going to settle my tab.
Here's the dollar that I paid last time for sex with the duck and the, and the sex worker
tender says, uh, sex worker tender, welcome to the nineties, bro.
Um, the kids call it being weak.
You need to get weak.
Okay.
So the guy comes back down with the, with the duck, right?
He puts on the counter, he put his dollar down and he's about, he's leaving cause he
figures transaction complete.
And the person behind the counter, let's make her a woman just because there's been nothing
but ducks and men in this story.
And I'm not white nighting.
I'm just like, and also genders construct the duck.
We don't even know.
We'll never know.
We don't have to know.
I can't tell if you're doing a bit or not.
Like I, how much of this is you just like the female brothel manager, the sex worker
madam feels problematic, but I don't know why you'll find out five minutes from
now and then, but it'll be too late.
You'll be fired.
Nova, you can you do you understand the world you're joining these walls have teeth and
ears.
You're a good kid.
You still have time.
Just say nothing and you'll be safe.
This joke is this joke is five sentences, by the way.
It's good.
The sex trafficker.
How can you be so cavalier, madam, madam, doesn't that just seem like something that's
going to be offensive a week from now?
Okay.
All right.
Take us back to stay with me.
You lead the way.
Like I'll keep my eyes closed.
Dad, come through here right now our protagonist is where okay, so he's halfway across the
room.
Okay.
Well, because he put his dollar down and as far as he's concerned, this is how this
place works because he paid a dollar.
He's settled up and the madam right.
I mean, yes, the sex worker tender, the sex says whoa, whoa, you're whoa, whoa, whoa.
Come back here.
Finish paying.
Oh.
And the guy's like, what?
Put a dollar down and they're like, it's five dollars.
He's like, what?
I came here yesterday and had sex with a duck for a dollar.
And the manager says, yeah, that duck had AIDS.
Jeff's joke corner, Jeff's joke corner, Jeff's joke corner.
He's pouring drinks on his butt.
Yes, Joe, it failed to protect my butt quack, Jeff, Joe, I spilled a spilled drink all over
it because you see it was at your long con that you're going to do that joke afterwards
because in this universe they charge by the client's STD.
It's yeah.
I mean yes, but this duck doesn't have AIDS.
That's why it's about the current.
Why is this duck five dollars and then it was a dollar?
Well, it does now.
All right, let me try again now that we're, now that I, now that I have all, I debugged
tell it, tell it like with like pedal to the metal, I swear to God, gun to my head.
Like you can, you're going to kill my family.
Your two face and you're like, I'm like, I'm, I'm commissioner Gordon and like, like,
like, or wait, whose kid was going to get killed?
Was it commissioner Gordon?
Dan Harmon tells the duck joke perfectly and fast.
All right.
He walks into a whorehouse, it's going to be problematic because I just need to like
not pause for like, it's like, it's a whorehouse.
Start the fuck and it's a madam.
It really, it really is like a five or seven, seven second joke.
My transgender caveman friend, my non-binary, uh, tell, tell a joke about, Nova's like
regressive fucking phraseology.
I'm just going to go with it.
Madams.
Dan, to warm up, tell the joke about what, uh, what do you call a hen that can count her
own eggs?
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, feminists, what, I don't know a math, I'm a chicken now, you're
warmed up now.
Okay.
It's, it's poultry and motion.
You're ready to fucking go now.
You are ready to tell the fucking duck joke for the first time in your life.
Yeah.
Are you ready?
Okay.
The guy goes into a whorehouse where you get whores and he goes to the madam.
It's just such an ugly word, Nova, the, the, it goes, I, I, I, I, like, like, like, uh,
fuck, wait, you got me nervous now.
It's good.
I want sex and I like, like, like paying for it or I wouldn't be here like, like, I can't
tell if you're doing a joke.
What is it?
What does he say?
What do I get for a dollar?
For a dollar?
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Let me start over.
He walks into a whorehouse with a heart dick and a dollar and he's like, puts up on my
dick for a dollar and the whore manager is like, take this duck and he's like, he runs
upstairs and he fucks the shit out of it and he runs back down and he's like, great sex.
No change by, and he comes back in like a fucking hour later, he's like, more duck and
they give him another one.
He runs up.
He's like, fuck it, fucks it all the hell and he comes back down and goes like, oh,
same difference.
Like this one's $5.
He's like, that one's more expensive than like, it doesn't have AIDS.
And now you do probably unless it was, unless it was heteronormative sex, people don't want
to admit as a low risk actor.
I would say at the end, I love the speed of that one in the anger.
It was great.
I think the punchline, you have to make it more of a, like a Henny Youngman kind of a
I think, I like, I was imagining you like running and crossing the finish line in record
time.
It was so amazing to see you just run through that.
I just don't know why people are so, I don't, it's a, it's a different kind of talent.
Like people that can like, it's like a combination of like semantics, but also like this like
casualness, like because semantics like are so crucial in all these jokes.
Like you could say the wrong thing the wrong way and it's like so crucial and I'm just
not used to that.
I don't, that's not my, like, like, because every joke you tell, it's like that, like
road comic jokes, they're like, it really just come down to like this like cadence
and like, like, oh, if you say this and then you say that and you say that in a certain
rhythm and I really don't, I don't, I can't, I always fuck it up because it's like the
guy's got to say like, like, like, oh, I don't know, like, yeah, I can't, I can't
refer to example.
I mean, I'm obsessed with stupid jokes and I love when people tell me one like the re-enternation
one is a great joke.
The soup one, I remember that, I think that one's pretty basic, like, there's a guy who
goes to, well, he doesn't go to anybody, it's his wife, we're off to a flying start, by
the way, I love it.
Well, some of this stuff, it's like, if my first draft is too long in the beginning,
that doesn't, like, you can just edit that.
I mean, not in the podcast, I mean, just whatever, it's not a failure is my point, like, it's
me working something out.
Tell me a fucking soup joke.
There's a woman that says, goes to a helper in a society, like, whatever, I don't know
if it's like a sex coach or something, like, I don't know who you'd go to for this.
There's a woman that goes to- It's her husband.
No, you don't, what?
What soup joke are you talking about?
No, her husband's going to be there with the punchline, you can't, she can't be open
with him about her sexual goals, like, they have to play out like a crazy thing.
We'll see it.
Is it a waiter?
Well, she goes to, everyone's heard this joke.
She goes to a sexual mentor, I don't know if that, I don't know where you went.
Is that a therapist?
She goes to a sex therapist.
Thank you, Nova.
It's still a little problematic, I think, and says, like, I have my husband's not having
sex with me, I don't, like, I want to encourage that more than discourage it, the therapist
says, like, why don't you do something like magnificent and adventurous and involving
different outfits and, you know, like, you know, I don't, I'm not telling you to doll
it up, but, like, at the same time, like, sometimes just a little distance from the
process can, like, like, you know, last thing I'm going to do is tell you, like, you're
not hot enough for your husband, I'm just telling you, like, like, like, like, maybe
sex needs to become adventurous again, it needs to become more of an adventure.
This is a fucking four-line joke.
So then, because based on that advice, here's what she does, you're making it harder with
your jeering.
She goes home, it's moving fast enough for almost anybody, it's like, you know how long
it took for Robocop to become a Robocop?
This is a crazier story than that.
That guy just got shot, I could say that fast, this guy wanted to be a cop, and then he was
like too much of a cowboy cop, so he put himself in harm's way, but he didn't know the corporations
that were running the cops, like, actually, were placing high-risk candidates in different
districts according to their needs for a donor, aka a half-dead body, I mean, long story short,
this guy's part of, like, a backup plan, like, a pork barrel, like, law enforcement plan
with a corporation that really is pumping all their money in this thing called the Ed
209, which is this, like, urban pacification thing, it's a fucking four-line joke.
And so our hero, who just wants to impress his son based on this show TJ Laser, like,
he ends up in old Detroit, and he's like, dead or alive, you're coming with me, they
shoot his arms and legs off, he ends up Robocop, that's less crazy than this fucking shit
with these people that want to have sex so bad that they get in outfits, like, I mean,
there's nothing wrong with that, but, like, this woman's just, like, bent on self-destruction.
You're doing a bit, you're trying to not go to jail.
She goes home, I'm just telling you, this movie would be longer than Robocop, she goes
home, she gets into a, I can't use the word, because you can't use the punchline, like,
she gets into an outfit, like, oh, it's got a cape, it's got, like, a belt, it's got boots.
She's like, adventure, you gotta do adventure as sex, because that's what she's thinking.
And so then the husband's, like, in his bed, the husband's in his bed, he's doing a crossford
puzzle that night, she... Oh, that, that, that becomes important later on in the joke.
It does because of his... The fact that he's a crossword enthusiast becomes very important
later on. It's so important, it is important.
Okay. It's, he's... Yeah, no, it's the whole joke.
The joke is that he's... He doesn't look up from the crossword when
he does the punchline. Okay, go ahead.
The thing that I'm fucked up, though, is the, why, did he, is she in the closet the
whole night, because... It's a fucking four-line joke.
It's four cents. I want to retract some stuff, so she, she
earlier was trying the outfit on, so make sure it fits, so that he came home and they
played tribute for shoot. I don't, I don't know if you just love talking
so much, and you hate jokes that much, but are you really trying to get it right?
It can't be both. I, I don't hate talking. Okay.
It used to be how I got people like me. All right. Then I started doing this shit.
Okay. But that's good, that's good.
Take it from the top. I should, I should have to do other stuff.
Take it, take it from the top. Don't eat blood? What do you people want?
Sorry, I lashed out. The woman tries on the outfit, so just retcon
that. Like, if it was like Black Orphan or what's that show?
Like, like where you're like... What is it?
Orphan Black. I would, I would ask what the fuck you're
talking about. You guys haven't seen Black Orphan?
It's a four fucking sentence joke. You just love your fucking mainstream
entertainment. Watch Black Orphan. Get back to me.
It's fucking badass. And it might not be enjoyable for you.
Maybe a couple of things you might not want to hear about yourself.
That's funny for reasons no one will understand, but me later at home.
I mark spots on the podcast where you're like, yeah.
So she already has this plan. So he comes home, he goes, where's my crossword?
She's like, where you left it? He gets in bed. They do the thing.
It's like, it's going to be a regular stagnant night, but not tonight, not according to her.
She's going to do this thing. So she's like, I'm going to go do something.
He's like, what are you doing? He's like, I'll tell you in a second.
She goes to the closet. They have like a place. It's like a, like there's room in the closet.
So she can change. She closes the door. He can't see her.
He changes. So she comes out of the closet and she's, she's wearing a red cape.
She's wearing red boots. She's wearing this whole outfit.
I can't refer to the, I can't refer to the costume because it's coming up.
If I refer to it, if I describe it in the way that would make you go, yeah, I got it.
So I have to go through every fucking article of clothing because if I say the wrong word,
I ruin the punch line. So she, I have to describe the fucking cape and
a thing. She's got an S on her fucking.
This is my fucking hell right now. And she goes like super pussy and the, and the husband
without looking up from his crossword says, I'll have the soup wait. No, he looks at her
and then looks back at the crossword because otherwise you'd mistake it for like he just
loved soup and there was a semantic that he looks up from the crossword and it wasn't
relevant for him to be a crossword, right? Well, why is it a crossword because he has
to like look at her and then look back at something, an iPad. I don't care.
You got to think like a borscht belt, like old school Jewish comment, like a borscht
belt who tells a joke at the speed of light and the details mean nothing.
Well, congratulations to them.
Thank you for Trump borscht belt generation. Maybe you should be more detail oriented.
An old couple are celebrating their 70th anniversary. The man is in bed reading a
paper. The woman wants to spice things up and she ties a towel around her neck like Superman
and she comes out of the bathroom naked with a towel around her neck and she goes super pussy
and he looks up from the paper and he says, I'll have the soup. Like that's that's how
fucking short that joke is. Do you want the thousand questions? Why is it crossword?
Why did she think that was going to spice anything up? Because she just seen Superman
too because she's a big fan of a big fan of Richard Donner who got fired off of that,
even though he wrote the screenplay but was fired off of it. And Richard Pryor, I believe,
or that's three fucking. But if she had a towel around her neck, why was she she probably was
like, Oh, no, sorry, this isn't to wipe up your soup. I'm not a waiter. Tell the Thor joke.
Thor joke. The Thor. Thor walks into a bar and the bartender is like, Hey, we don't serve your
kind here. And he's like, What kind? I'm a God from Ragnarok from the rainbow bridge of like
Elsa guard. And Elsa goon. The bartender's like the exits are two to the rear and two to the
side of her. Don't use those ones. I don't know. No, why did it's why did how come how come how
come what what why? Well, I got I have it. I have it. How come how come? Why is being a
why is it? Why is it? Why is it? Why is the why? Why is the job of physical therapy on meth right
now? Why is it profitable to become a physical therapist in Asgard because a lot of everyone's
Thor. Yeah, but they're not all Thor, but you know, they're not all Thor, but
but over time, I could have figured it out. Is that the Thor joke? I think it was not a speech
therapist. No, the Thor joke is no, they're well, they're so well. Yeah, I know that it's not the
word sword, but you just don't get my comedy and like, I don't know what to tell you.
Yeah. Like it kills at colleges. So like, and those guys read for a living. So
you just don't get me, man. You like watching these Netflix comedy specials and you're like,
this is easy, but like that was a fucking killer joke. Make up a brand new like joke,
joke like a dad joke. Wait, what was the Thor joke? Well, an ant walks into a
a or just a bar bar. Okay. Is the whole joke going to go like that? No, you're going to
not a heavy shoulder me. He just orders a drink. Just say you ordered a drink. You pause. I don't
know how much longer I'm going to put up with this, but he orders a drink because in the spirit
of collaboration and I hope it's inspiring. I'm inspired every day. So he orders a drink. Now
just keep in mind. He didn't have to. Yeah. No, he's being very nice about a lot of shit that
happens in these bar jokes where the person doesn't even order a drink. Like for instance,
the lobster goes into a bar and he and the bartender is like, get the fuck out of here.
It's as I love that joke that the bartender is just like, get out of here. Get out of here.
Lobster. That's funny. It's funny before the punchline. This is like, this is funny that
like a bartender, that's it. Get out of here. He's immediately fucked up and there's like one guy
at the bar that's like, the fuck was that about the bartender? He's like that guy. He's always
doing this stuff. He fucked it up, but that part doesn't matter. He gives me nothing but this.
There's nothing but this. I mean, it's a thing. It's semantics, but it's like, you know, the idea
is that he's a lobster and the bartender has a problem with him doing that, but it's like,
the lobster does that naturally. That's not like, but I think it's just funnier that the bartender
is mad. Get out of here. Now, finish your joke. Why be a bartender at that point?
That's like, I mean, a lobster walking into the bar is going to get you that tightly wound.
What kind of bar allows lobsters to walk down the fucking road in the first place?
Especially if it turns out that the reason is because he's doing this, which is what lobsters
do. So like the guy should be like, okay, so so far all I'm hearing is that a lobster sometimes
comes into your bar and you've chosen to be like more of a regular bartender that doesn't have
lobster. Like you got it. You got like a bar. I mean, maybe this is a universe where lobsters
are like, and men are like, you know, it's like, maybe like what it's like ABC's caveman series
where it was like, like, oh, cavemen are like half of society. Remember, it's based on that
Geico commercial. Who's good? Nick Kroll. Finish the ant joke. So an ant goes into a bar.
An ant goes in the bar. And that's why my only point was that I could have chosen for the bartender
to be like, get out of here. But you you made it a bar instead of a dirt mound. You said you
had to get a drink. No, my hands are tied. Like, let's let's let's tell this amazing joke. Let's
erase the chalkboard and ant goes where? Oh, shit. It goes into a hill of dirt. Okay. Like
because I'm not afraid of like organic humor. I'm like, doesn't have to go to a bar. It goes into a
where an ant goes. He goes into one of those hills of dirt that ants make. And he got and the and
the the guard at the entrance is like, hey, who goes there? And he's like, it's me, Glenn.
And the ants like, okay, go through. Do you smell any picnics? And the aunt Glenn is like,
would I be back? And then and the guard is like, yeah, for the queen. And Glenn is like, honey.
So there's got to be some gay joke there, right? Like something about like he said something sassy
like like about like, like, like, I wouldn't go above a hundred and third or something. I don't
know. It's kind of it's like like a picnic or something like for the queen. Spencer do it and
that goes into a bar joke like and that goes into bar. Now I still like my the tavern keepers like,
get out of here. Just because it's like you don't want ants. It's just what Dan liked about the
lobster joke except applied to ants. It's that easy. It's not what is that? What is that? I wasn't
trying. You're not going to trick me. And the Barger says the Barger. Thank you for seeing
through Jeff's clever tricks. It's part of bull. Look, I was bullied my whole life. I know what
bullies do. They're like, oh, see, he's fucking cool. He combs his hair. I'm like, I'm not going
to fucking be mad at a nerd that comes as air. Yeah, fucking fascist is capitalism. All right.
A a walrus, then a walrus, a walrus goes into a bar goes into a bar. Are you sure? You can pick
the venue. A walrus goes into a blank. You get to pick the venue. A walrus. I don't like I
I you saw how I don't even put me in that area and I set me up for success. Yeah. Well, but then
there is sex happening. A walrus was into a bar. It's probably easier because a whorehouse is like
a bar where you instead of boarding drinks, you order like a sex bar. So if I could get over my
fucking a walrus rocks walks into a walrus walks into a whorehouse and it's like,
okay, I want to have sex. And the person's like, well, do you have money?
And he's like, no, but I have tusks. And they're made of ivory. So they're like, well,
we can't they're attached to you. And he's like, yeah, but how about this? Like,
like, if you if you if you let me have sex, then I'll cut off one of my tusks, and I'll give it to
you. And they're like, why don't you do that first? And he's like, give me a saw. And they're like,
we don't have a saw. And he's like, you can buy a saw with the tusk I give you. And they're like,
how are you going to give it to us if you don't have a saw? And he's like, you know what? I'm a
seal. These are fake. And I'm not coming back. And he throws down these like plastic hollow,
like Halloween store tusks that he was just like keeping in there. And they're like, what are you
doing? And he's like, I'm out of here. The joke's finished. And they're like, it's not a joke. I'm
a human being and the seals like spoken like a person in a joke. And the seals just gone. And
then this person's like, who am I? And then another person comes up and goes like, can I have sex?
And they're like, yeah, everyone can. It's never been that difficult. I don't know what I did
wrong. It's my first day here. I've been yelled at three times. This is fucking crazy. I'll admit
the first two times were my fault. I can see it that way. I'm new here. However, I'm freaking out.
I don't think I should have dropped out of architecture school. And the other person says,
you were an architect? Yeah. I mean, I was in school. I wasn't an architect. I'm an architect
and I never went to school. What's your name? Frank Lloyd Wright says the person. But the
architecture student knows it's not Frank Lloyd Wright. They went to school. They've seen pictures
of Frank Lloyd Wright. That's not Frank Lloyd Wright. It's like a guy with like big giant teeth.
So the kid that went to architecture school is like, oh, I get it. This town is just filled
with people that needlessly disguise themselves as species with like tusks. And they just fuck
with people. It doesn't explain the other fuckups I had this morning, but I'm getting it now.
And so they go, all right, Mr. Lloyd Wright, nice to meet you. Would you like to have sex?
Is there anything I can interest you in? And the person that's not Frank Lloyd Wright for sure
is like, yeah, do you have anything in an Asian woman with a dress on and a hat?
And can the hat be filled with money? And the person's been trained to never say no.
And they go, well, first of all, the answer is yes. It's just a question of how much.
We have all that. We can get that. How much are you willing to pay? And Frank Lloyd Wright says,
how much money is going to be in the hat? And the person's like, how much money do you want
to be in the hat? Because it's like your fantasy, right? Frank Lloyd Wright says a million dollars.
I want a million dollars in the hat. And the person's like, okay, that'll be a million dollars and
a hundred dollars is what that will cost around there. I'm not really authorized to like me.
That's an estimate. An estimate? What the fuck am I standing here for? Why am I embarrassing
myself having these conversations? I'm like, you can't authorize this transaction? Are you asking
me if I'm allowed to put a million dollars in a hat, find a person based on their race, dress
them in an outfit, and then, no, I'm not. And Frank Lloyd Wright's like, do you realize that
when they taught me how to build buildings, I know how to take them apart. And the architecture
student's like, you didn't go to school, you said. And he's like, I'm talking about my grandpappy.
And the student's like, I'm going to go get your Asian woman and your million dollars,
I'll be right back. And he goes in the kitchen and he goes to his manager and goes like, I quit.
He's had enough at this point. Yeah, I'm out. And you can go deal with this. And like,
it's been a fucking intense day. And like, I don't want any more to do with this.
So the manager goes and like, frankly, it's like tapping his foot. It's not Frank Lloyd Wright.
Because he thought he thought the job of being a clerk at the front of house at a whorehouse was
going to be a lot easier of a job. His dad's a senator. He's like, you should work at the whore
house. Like that way people come in, they get herpes, they get whores, they like it's a win-win
like you've got something on people. That's how I became a senator. That's how you're going to
become a senator. Like you got to work around where the fucking is happening. Like this is like a
this is America, you know, when they say make America great again, this is when America was great.
So finally, he's at a breaking point. And he goes to his boss and says, I quit, manager goes out.
Frank Lloyd Wright is not Frank Lloyd Wright is out there. He's like tapping his foot. He's looking
at the gold vision of all is like looking at the grandfather clock is like like pacing and like
and the manager's like, are you okay? And Frank is like the guy that isn't Frank Lloyd Wright is
like, yeah, uh, no. And this whole argument happens in like the long story short is like the
whorehouse closes. It's out of business because it's just like what the guy the guy wasn't Frank
Lloyd Wright, but he was like a like a media magnate. Is that what you call him? Sure. Like a
kind of a Hearst figure. Gotcha. And so basically controls the media at that time. Right. And like
it just just puts a bunch of stuff. He was trying to do a scam. Yeah, I don't know if he caught on,
but like he wanted he thought he could get a million dollars this way. And like,
even if he put the hundred down up front, like it was like he was going to rob. Yeah. Yeah. Right.
So he overestimated how much money you're allowed to have in a place like that. And like what the
kids authorized to do. And he just basically but he was so humiliated that he basically bankrupted
himself in his newspaper, putting the whorehouse out of business. That's an entire town collapsed.
They no longer had any literacy or uh, hedonism. They didn't. It was basically a barber and a
train station there. Like if unless you were like that freaked out about getting a haircut,
there was no way you're going to come to this town. That's how uh, the fantasy island ended. Yeah.
So I'm sorry. There's no punchline, but the truth is sometimes life gets pretty ugly.
You know, you can't just go into a whorehouse and have a crazy animal encounter. Like these people
have lives and uh, we all exist as part of one web, you know, like when that whorehouse dissolved
its uh, like corporation, they like, how did that go down? It was that. Well, they were in
solvent. Yeah. I mean, it was already a quasi legal business. This was just happening at the
right at like the vanguard of a manifest destiny. Like it was just like you're out there in an
unincorporated city in the middle of some territory. No one knows what's going on. And it's just like
sex was a business and you know, shit rolls downhill. Sure. They sell you the dream. Like,
oh, you can, you can, you know, anybody can become rich, but it's like what they really mean is like
anybody can, you know, die. Like everything's, everything has a price on it. Like human life
is worth less than a bullet, man. And what happened to the guy that wanted to go in there
for the encounter? The newspaper man? Yeah. Oh, he died. His newspaper went out of business.
His newspaper went out of business. He ended up a prospector and he got a claim jumped.
Holy shit. Yeah. He didn't even have a claim. He was trying to, he's trying to do, like the guy,
you met the guy in this joke, which wasn't a joke, by the way. He was, what he was trying to do with
that. He just like, he went, he took that. He didn't learn his lesson. He's like, he's like,
he would, he decided he was going to become rich by pretending that he found gold
and saying, I found gold. Does anybody have any money to, I can turn it into silver or something?
Do you think? They just beat him over the head. Do you think before he went into that whorehouse
and asked for a whore with a million dollars in her hat, do you think he had successfully pulled
that off? In his mind, yeah, but he was born rich. And like, so he basically like lied to like
guidance counselors, people on his dad's payroll. Like he didn't, he mistook like being privileged
for being crafty. Like it's like, try getting away with the shit that this guy, this non-Frank
like. What kind of whorehouse is also carrying around a million in cash? Ask a fucking dipshit son
of a billionaire that like walks in and like tries to do that. Like the guy, it was just,
he could have stayed at home and sucked on his dad's titty, but oh, that wouldn't have suited
his ego. Oh, I got to go, I got to go out. I'm going to go tame the wild. I'm going to go bulk
people out of their money and like write a book about it. Dumb. He traveled only by hot air balloon.
He was a terrible person. It's just like, he just exuded everything that was wrong with the American
dream. And this is colonialism. This is 1915. 1915. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And he traveled by
Barnaby Johnson was his name. Barnaby Johnson. He caused World War one. He caused it. He caused
it a year after it started. Yeah. Okay. He made people think it started earlier than it did.
Yeah. World War one was essentially like a resolvable skirmish. Tell me what you think was
the worst moment. And I want you to be specific about World War one. What do you think was the
darkest hour? I got to go to Verdun, bro. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Break it down. Right. Everybody
knows. What country? Obviously France. Like, but like, what, hey, what country was which?
Why were they fighting? Who knows where that was? Like, they thought they were going to
change the answer with their trenches, buddy. And, uh, and their mustard gas and they invented
the water balloon and the fucking torture and the, this is the only war where it started on horseback
and it ended in a balloon. And that's where our whorehouse entrepreneur whorehouse is finance
world war one. They called them the silent generation, the people that went to fight the
the mustard gas made them quiet and they had to eat rats and they were hats that look like
pie tins and they were just like pink Floyd's song about them. Everybody had a rifle and
and, uh, everything was muddy and gross and the boots were like up to your calf and and it's just
a bad scene. What do you, what's your opinions on the war of 1812? Oh, what a misunderstanding.
The war that traveled faster than the telegraph. Let me tell you that. Boy, that that war could
have been, could have been, we could have saved ourselves a war. We had had a telephone back
then. It's all I knew. I was a war of misunderstanding. They called it the war of 1812. The Canadians
burnt down the White House. I know, I know more than the president and I'm an idiot.
Yeah, I can name half of our Supreme Court justices by all the words to baby got back.
Uh, what's your, uh, what war Dan, do you think, you know, the most about?
Uh, Vietnam for sure. Because, you know, because you were in, you were in the shit. Yeah.
You, you were, uh, what you were lieutenant in Denang. Yeah.
Okay. So, all right. See, they don't want to talk about it. Well, I don't, you know,
it doesn't seem like they don't like to talk about it. That's a real soldier.
It feels like I'm at a dentist because they were there. Yeah.
Coyotes. So, so I saw the coyote. I saw a coyote that from the brambles behind my house.
Yeah. Is that the neighbor's yard or is that a no man's land?
I think it's, well, it's, I think it's one of those two. I don't think there's any
scenario in which it's my property. Right. That's, but I just like, cause I could climb up there and
start hacking, but I think there's no partition leading into the neighbor's yard. I don't think
you should do that because it's got to be, that's, that's, I mean, we have reason to
suspect that that's the neighbor's property. So, I think what we need to do is, uh,
I think, I don't know what the first step is because what we can't do is call the city because
we know that the, if you call the city, they will say, we don't do that anymore.
You're on your own. And there's like companies, which evokes like black water that will come
put the hurt on your coyotes. Um, and, uh, I, I just, like, all I know is, as the Barack Obama
of this coyote problem, that like future will judge me like, like by whether I acted or didn't act,
and that I don't need to like be decisive. I'm not saying like slaughter the coyotes or put,
I demand this. Like, but I, I'm saying like, I think that neighbor whose territory borders mine,
I think that it's possible that, um, the, uh, pug, the elderly pug that, that twice has fallen
into my yard. I think that dog died. I mean, if it, if it didn't, if it didn't get eaten by
coyotes, it died of old age because I think it died from falling. Well, I mean, yeah, it couldn't
be, it's fall, like, and my dogs are so sweet, they would like guard it and they were like nice
to it. They're like, Oh, a dog fell in our yard and they would like take care of it and like,
um, and then both times, once my ex-wife, Erin McGathy, and once my dogs that are Allison,
like they, I was never here for these two events, but it happens twice. And like they both times,
um, one of those two characters, like they're not characters. They're human beings. They're
human beings. They're not characters. God damn it. Harmon. Never let it slip. Don't let them know
you're, they're all in your story. If they realize it, they can end the book. I've met them both
and they're real characters. He met that, like, they're kind of like, characters. That's my,
what, why? You mean humans? You forgot the word for human. Um, but you don't just call people
humans. They sound like an alien. I don't know people. People sounds like, like, you know,
word peoples, like both of these people. You mean your ex-wife? What do you mean you people?
It's your ex-wife. I don't know what you said. She was a real like TBS. She was a real character.
How do you refer to a group of people if one's your ex-wife and one's your dogs? Those people
women? No, that would be a crazy. That was both of those women. That would be weird.
I mean, thank you for continuing to prove that I was right in being hung up on that and
and barfed out the word character. And there was like, what are you, Dr. Who?
Anyways, so like they took the dog up the hill and they found the owner of that territory. I live
in these windy hills. So it's like, for instance, my neighbor, the Bootsons, we've met on this show
several times. If I go over to their house for a party and I do Hollywood, I actually have to either
climb over a fence, which actually almost makes more sense. It's kind of weirder what I have to do
if I don't want to climb over a fence, which is I have to walk all the way around with Cody like a
whole or a whole block because their house is right next door to me, but their address is at a
completely different street. And the fence isn't that high. It's like hip. Yeah. And I was telling
them last time, we're going to make like a gate in this fence because also we're living in the
end time. So like there's going to be like a weird like ice agent showing up and going like,
I understand you have the people in your floorboards and we're going to want to have tunnels in our
fucking rich liberal neighborhood and arsenic to put in their tea. Oh, please come in. Yes.
I was just telling my housekeeper how American we all are. More chamomile.
Ah, yes. I like your community show. Yes. If there was less black people in it,
like the Liao season when they all quit. Donald Glover is kaboot. I got you. Yeah.
I'm so blue. I'm turning blue because I poisoned you. Nazi. What? Why? You're so white.
Because I'm a good white guy. I hate fucking Nazis, bro.
Because I'm fucking raised by fucking real Americans. We hate fucking Nazis. That's
that's just the thing you made up after you got into the war for a profit.
Oh, come on. Don't be so fucking cynical, you prick. Come on. We went to war with you fucking.
You're going to say cock sucker. See, because you're fucking you are Nazi. Yeah, you wish.
It's different. You just want everybody to mistrust themselves and you're fucking you.
I'm going to watch you die. I'm going to spit on you while you die with your fucking dumb eagle
medals. Oh, I love my eagle medals. Stupid skull on your hat. You look so dumb.
Hate you. You know why you hate me, right? Yeah. What? What are you going to tell me?
We're not so different than how come you're dying and I made you tea?
You see me in a fucking eagle hat? We're not so different. Go ahead. Do your monologue purple
dying Nazi. You hate me because you secretly wish you for one moment of your life could feel the
the having one and two Emmys. What you want to what one for community one for Rick. No,
I never won one for community, but it was such a good show. Yeah, that's you're making my point.
People who are proud of their race are like coming to the conversation saying I have nothing
to be proud of. If you were talented, you wouldn't be a Nazi. I'm tired. I'm killing myself. I can't
listen to another fucking episode of your bullshit. You're fucking crazy with your ranting. It ruined
your podcast when Trump got elected. What would you do? I thought you loved them. I do, but I
don't want to listen to you blather about it. Oh, he shot himself. Bing bong. Fuck shit. Hello.
Hello. Sorry to bug you with the Nazi supervisors and we sent a Nazi over to
harangue and have tea and it's been more than 20 minutes and I really don't want to. I saw the
address. I'm like Rick and Morty. I love. Oh, no, no. Yeah, he just shot himself. What the
What's that mean shit? Oh, okay. Oh shit. Fika. Fika. Isn't that what they take out of your
paycheck? Move out of my way. Oh, Hans. Why did he do it? He said he loved Jews.
Is that all he said? Why would he say that to you? I don't know, dude, you guys are complicated.
You're what are you going to tell me you all go to therapy? He was fucked up. That gets to the bone.
I'm a big fan of your work. I know I'm not just a Rick and Morty fan. I also have read your blog.
I followed you my whole life and although you've had your ups and downs,
you're sort of window into the complexity of mathematical chickens.
By the way, where is Jeff Davis? Oh, he lives close by. Knock knock. Oh shit. It's Jeff.
Maybe the zeppelin dropped him. Oh, Jeff, there's Nazis here. Oh shit. One of them killed
themselves. Okay. Wow. The other one came to pick him up and that's everything's fine.
This seems like a bad time. No, it's the best time. I mean, it's not as good as when America was great,
which you will never pin me down on when that was. I just want it again.
You know, like when I was 10, like when the Muppets were syndicated, make America great again.
I like it to be great again before I met a black person.
I can see by the insignia on your lapel that you're a colonel.
I'm a colonel first class Yeti edition, super special forces, secret double tier platinum,
double bead, through line, double strength, titanium, fully creasoned commander of the ultimate
death platoon, a fucking like million. I had to kill like a million homeless people.
Hey, Dan, do you do you have any beers in the fridge? Yeah, there's Grohl's
because when in Rome, okay, I open the fridge. So anyways, when did you go from being in ice to
being a full blown German soldier? Yeah, that just it's like a Christopher Durang, like mystical
realism, the kind of like I just became just a general Nazi. You know why Hitler killed himself,
right? He was a he was an angry drunk. No, that's why he stopped drinking, right? Which I never
understood that you know why he killed himself. Gas belt, gas belt. So I don't like the joke.
I don't like the joke. And I'll tell you why kids trivializes victims. It's a great joke.
It's not a great joke. It's not a great joke, because it's like, it's like, oh, yeah, he
gassed a lot of people. But it's like, it's, you know what, you know, the only way it wouldn't
make it a better joke. But you know, you have to he saw his gas bill, and it had all the names of
all the victims. And here are their names. Why is that six million names later? It's still not
a funny joke, but at least you're a good person. Like because it's like, yeah, like those people
those are the people that aren't laughing. They couldn't join us. You know, I you know how you
tie the shoes in little Nazis. Oh, see, that's that's yeah, because it's like when Hitler's
like Dracula, that's when it's funny. When it's like, oh, do you know what is he? What is he?
Why does he like the radio because he like likes us to the hitlers? I don't know. Like that's not
I can't do it. I can't riff it. All right. That's why some of the stuff's joke. Don't get mad at me
for failing to do a Hitler joke. You're bad people. What could be Hitler jokes are better?
Wait, so because I'm because I'm a good person. Why are the ice people actually like full on
like full blown Nazis? In the situation? Oh, yeah, well, I asked the same question. But the answer
is why why was why did Robin Williams head float in the Baron Munchausen because Terry Gilliam's
like like like, hey, come on, because he was let's do it drunk. Anyways, you know that Stalin joke
with the capitalism, you could do that with the DSA. It'd be like more modern. You know, it's like
why does the DSA only spelled in lowercase or something? Right? Yeah, just thought I'd circle
back around for that. They might they might they might send you 10,000 tweets though. No,
they'll love it. They'll be like, holy shit, go on chapeau. They love saying that. Yeah, they love
to drag your fat ass and then tell you to go on chapeau. They love dragging fat asses. I like
I got that treatment because I made a joke about how it's funny that McDonald's ended up like
suffering for not licensing Rick and Morty but still trying to like do a Rick and Morty thing
with the Szechuan sausage. It's like, yeah, you got it. I made one joke about it. I was just like,
oh, I've told that story. That was the worst day of my Twitter life. And it wasn't the day I quit
Twitter. I was just like, I was like, walked into this thing. I had no idea the world had changed
that fucking much that that much was at stake. I was like, I thought you could safely make a joke
about how McDonald's sucks for like being a corporation and like, like, who cares if they
have a bad day at the hands of the worst fans of this show? Who cares? And I was like, one person
was like, you know, it's kind of fucked up. Like some people work at McDonald's. It didn't identify
themselves. I was like, I was like, you know, or he's like, he was like, it's just to rip off a back
to the future. Fuck you. Why should McDonald's have to pay for your property if you rip off back to
the future? And his his his Twitter icon was him in a Rick fucking costume with green things on
his lip. And I said, you got some flux capacitor on your fucking lip there, like Mr fucking property
manager. And he's like, okay, here's the thing. I work at McDonald's and I was on this channel,
and I'm like, I said some shit to him. And then it was like, there were socialists watching me
yell at him. Where I was like, because it took like hours for the kid to just go, I was a cashier
at McDonald's. And I feel like a piece of shit, because I work for McDonald's. And I don't want
a bunch of fucking weird incels jumping up on counters yelling at me, because I don't know,
it's Szechuan sauce from your fucking show. And I was basically like, yeah, so it took you all that
fucking time to just say, like, you have a fucking agenda in the conversation. I don't have a fucking
agenda. I'm just hanging out going, I think it's funny that this corporation didn't pay for this.
I can afford to laugh. You're just fucking like doing this shit. And then it got all like, there's
all this, hey, everybody, Dan Harmon's doing an edgelord rant against a socialist that just wants
minimum wage. And I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. I hate everyone. I that's fun. I now hate everyone.
I hate my fans. I hate the minimum wage workers. I who else can I hate? I hate rich people. I am
one. Now I hate myself. I'm just going to crawl into a fucking shell and have a great life.
Hey, Spencer, do you have our character sheets? Yeah, come on. That's I mean, I love to play D&D,
but that you added your messages. Fuck you. No, you're doing a podcast. My message is we have 15
minutes left. And I would like to play a fast lightning round of combat with me and you and
I'm Chad. Combat each other. Huh? Yeah. Huh? Well, you want to fight me? You're like, no,
you and I are in a dungeon. Like we're in a combat round. Yeah. So you are going to fight each other.
I thought you were like a Milwaukee friend that was like, come on, let's wrestle in the front yard.
Like I just told me that you're jealous. It's been so long. I forgotten your characters.
I forgot your character's name, Dan. It's been that long. Yeah. Well, yeah, I don't know where I
mean, what's your character? I don't know. Spencer, what's, what's Dan's character called?
Or audience? Oh, Carlos, the intermissive. And I'm Chad, the fire liker. I have a story that I can
jam into a real short thing because I was like, I was, I was like looking for a microphone for my
for my iPad pro so I could sing a song into my iPad pro. And I was looking for a microphone
because it needed like, like it was a, it was a bunch of Michigan guys, like how you,
they got a USB-C port or whatever. It's like, like, oh, you got to be more, you got to have a thing.
I was like searching through my closet for a microphone and I was like, God damn it. Where's
that? I think I had an XLR thing. It's like been here since I dabbled in any of this shit.
Where is this thing? And I'm getting real frustrated. And I find this unopened package
that was a Citronella dog collar. It's like, like anti barking collar for, for that I had bought
from Amazon, I think maybe in some fit. And like, I never opened it. And I was like looking at
it's covered in dust. I was like, oh, anti barking collar. And there's like a picture on the,
on the package of like a dog. It's like,
it's like, yeah, what's he going to do? It's just, he looks contrite.
You can tell from his eyes that like a mailman's near him, but he's like, there he is again.
And last time I don't hear anything from me about it. And I just, I was like, shit man,
Harvey barks a lot. Like, like he's always barking. He's a fucking loud dog. He's always
be barks at other dogs. He barks at everybody. And then I was like, dude, you're looking for a
microphone. That's what I was like when I was listening to the story. I was like, yeah, yeah,
what about the microphone? Exactly. Like I bark like Harvey doesn't have a podcast. Harvey
doesn't like, like I'm barking all the time. Like Harvey's just like, he's got one mode of expression.
Like I'm not, and if you're listening and you're like, I have a citronella collar for my dog.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not high-roading you at all. I, I, I, I, because I live in a,
Harvey barking doesn't, it's not hurting anybody. It annoys me, but like it doesn't,
it's not like anybody else is complaining about it or whatever. If you live in an apartment and
you got a dog and you used a citronella collar, that seems like a, I'm not, I'm not going to be
one of those people. That's not the point of my story. But I was like, Harvey's just like, he's
just, he has his own little podcast. Like he just, he likes to bark. Like, like he's got,
he doesn't even have thumbs. He just like has little legs that like carry him from one place
where he can bark to another. And I kind of, and then today I was sort of like, because I, I felt
that way. I was like, I watched him like play with the next door neighbor dog. And then there was
like some other, there was a neighbor walking his dogs. And I said to Harvey, it was like,
buddy, there's some dogs over there. Don't you want to bark at them? Because he wasn't
even barking at him. He was like, wanted to fetch a ball. And I was like, I don't think you saw
those dogs though. And he like saw him and he's like, rough, rough. And the neighbor like waved
at me and I was like, yay. And then like, and then and then and then Harvey finished barking.
And I was like, good job. And it was like the same, the same stuff happened, except I wasn't
like miserable about it because I wasn't like, oh, he's not supposed to do that. Like, you know,
he's just, it's just his podcast. What, what are we doing? You're in a dungeon? Is that
what you wanted? What did you, what were we saying? We only have like 10 minutes. Like,
like, let's just, let's just throw us into the fire right now. Well, yeah. Okay.
Dan, you're gonna leave this up. None of you guys know what's going on.
I bet the last thing I said is let's go make a potato farm. Right. I was like,
I was like, let this guy work on Harmon Quest.
Uh huh. What is that?
Wait, so can we just like play like a lightning round of D&D? Yeah, but Steve plays. That's part
of it. Is Levy here? I don't know. Levy. I, Levy, Steve Levy, everybody. Steve Levy.
What's happening? Are you, I, what have you done since I talked to you about the coyotes?
I, I did a quick search online if there was an organization or a person who handles anything
like that. And here comes the Christopher Walken character in this Adam Sandler movie.
Didn't, didn't seem like there is. I'm here to take care of you coyotes. Sorry. I don't think
there's a person for that. Are you sure you want to play D&D? You don't want to do the scene of
Christopher Walken? I'm showing up to take care of my coyotes. Why don't you want to play D&D?
Yeah, I'd love to. Hey. I distracted him. Knock, knock, knock. Why? Who's, who's there? Me.
Me, who? Sorry. No, I'll start over. Knock, knock. Who's there? Dwayne. Dwayne who? Dwayne
the Tub. I'm drowning. There's a name. There's a, there's a famous name Dwayne. That sounds
more like the word drain than Dwayne. Doesn't matter. Look, I, I saw a rogue family of coyotes
in your yard. Oh shit. Are you Christopher Walken? Yes. I'm Christopher Walken. Come in.
The famous actor. Thank you. Come in. Come in. Thank you. I could have come in without you even
opening the door. Oh my God. Yeah. You got coyotes. Yeah. I called about, I called the city, but
they said they couldn't send anyone, but then you must then get called. There's only one way
to get rid of coyotes. Did you bring me out to talk about coyotes? Who the fuck is this guy?
This is my assistant Steve Levy. I told him to call people about coyotes. This is Christopher
Walken. Steve, he's famous. He's from Hollywood. I'm an actor. Yeah. I hate coyotes as much as
anyone does. Do you want to come back and look at the spot where I think there's a nest?
Coyotes have a nest? Yeah, they have nests. What did you think they had? Can I, can I bring
my friend and Jeff Goldblum? Yeah, yeah, you can. Okay. Hey, Jeff, come in. Jeff Goldblum,
I want you to come in here and help me with this coyote nest. That looks like a problem.
Hey, Jeff, I know you hate coyotes too. Well, it's not, Chris, if I can correct you,
it's not that I hate a coyote. It's just that they once ate my cat. Well, Chris,
help Dan Harmon. He created Rick and Morty. Oh, it's funny you mentioned that. I was binge watching
R&M as much as I call it. And I thought that the last season was very good. Oh, thank you.
Oh, Dan Harmon. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hi, Jeff. Hi. Hey, Dan. I like you on criminal intent. I mean,
it's... Well, that's very kind of you. Dan, I gotta tell you, it's very kind of you to say that.
I don't think it was my best work. I actually wish that Alicia Witt would have kept like working on
the show. I really liked her. Well, you're very sweet, Dan. You're very sweet. Let's go kill some
coyotes. Okay, you go out back. There's a coyote nest near the south wall of the property.
I cast... Wait, do you guys hate me? What is this?
No, but I understand you. Do you? I do. I do. Do you accept that I am as confused as you are?
I did earlier and then at a point I was like, well, maybe he doesn't.
I wanted to play D&D and then it became Jeff Goldblum. Did you really want to play D&D for 10
minutes or did you feel like me? Like, sometimes it's just like, what are you trying to do with
me? What about a flop in your app? Can we do a quick combat round with coyotes in Dan's backyard
with Chris Walken and Steve Levy? You were all... You were just doing that. Yeah, but let's start
the combat. That's not like... That's a bread crumb. I don't care about that. Okay, all right.
Just do that then. No, no, no, no. Now, let's just lay the seeds of a D&D thing.
Well, now finally, it's now the point where it's not long enough. That's what's weird about it.
All right, suspense. Lay down what's going on in Dan's backyard. There's coyotes.
Come on.
I am livid. No, in the D&D campaign, not the backyard.
There's no time. We have three minutes. That's not ten minutes.
All right, three minutes of D&D. No, jeez.
Bro, just run it.
I can't. I'm sorry. I don't normally cow to hecklers, but if there's ever been a situation
where a bro needed to just run it. I mean, talk about a voice of reason.
No, but like remember earlier when you're like, oh, we don't have any time. Yeah,
like that concern is now valid. Like back then it was less. It wasn't invalid. What about this
pressure? What if you lay down the intro to like where we were at? You decided to become
potato farmers? That was already said. Okay, okay. That's the whole thing. So so so tell us
I mean like we're wearing what's been a while that we're working on the potato farm right
or no you decided to become potato. Okay. Yeah, so we don't control what happened.
Tell us what happened. Just run it bro.
Bro. They're willing to stay for another eight minutes. I really
love
hey uh hey uh Chad and uh your Chad I'm Chad Carlos and that with Goldblum to Goldblum kept calling
what's I forgot his name I don't uh what's Carlos now you're Carlos you're
oh yeah diary jr. Hey Carlos DJ got some bad news for you. We got a low potato yield.
Fuck it looks like we're gonna have to go out and kill some people to make some money because
the potatoes are not gonna bring in what we thought we're gonna make. Well you say that every harvest
well we're we're bad at potato harvesting. Yeah but we were worse at killing people and it's a
worse thing to do. I think we are better. I mean we like look around and count your potatoes.
I like to think it's quality over quantity. They're pretty damn good potatoes. They're good potatoes
you like the taste. They were yeah. Uh look I don't want you guys know how many potatoes it takes
to kill an Irishman. Zero? Yeah none. What's an Irishman? Yeah. Do you do you know what do you
know what kind of meat a priest is allowed to eat on Fridays? Fish? None. It's an old from the old
do you take that Catholics? Does Friday a thing with them? I don't even know. I as much as I like
the lifestyle of being a gentleman farmer. I kind of miss the days of traveling and being on
being on quests. You never became farmers.
Well well it'd be nice to know that a while ago. I said you decided to become farmers. Yes we
fucking did. No that's not what deciding means. Okay well okay you run it bro. Oh Jesus Christ
that that makes a lot of sense. The reason why we never grew any potatoes is that we never
seeded or harvested any actual potato. Come on you can't you you don't you don't you're not like
our monkey. I get that but like if you don't want to do it then like we're you know do you want to
tell us what happened instead of us becoming farmers because that you decided to become farmers
right we decided and then we ended and then that was it. Okay so like oh you're saying like you're
not allowed to like advance time and assume that you you need to roll for several seasons of potato
farming or okay all right. I mean we could talk all about all of that. He's like we're not we're
not going to let time have passed between seasons like we're starting where we left off. I feel
like we left. I thought you wanted to become potato. I thought that's what you wanted to be doing.
I didn't know that's what I'm not doing. I say to DJ and to Carlos I don't want to be a potato
farmer. I want to I want to. But you've been one for three years now. Yes. No. No. I mean I don't.
I want to go work for the church of the silver flame. Well you haven't had enough of that.
We didn't get it right. Let's let's let's for the first time in our lives go like go do something
that matters. Then what? I prayed. Spencer what's the God of the silver flame is there a name? The
silver flame. I get on one knee because they don't like it when you're on both knees. I say
silver flame. Guide us. Let us redeem ourselves. Send us a mission. Send us a cause.
To go defend you for. All right. A potato falls in your lap.
You have a lap when you kneel. I mean I was on one knee so there's a half lap.
Fucked up. Jesus. Weird. I found a magic potato. I opened up the magic potato to
see if there's anything inside the magic potato. No it's just broken in half now.
Damn dude you're good at opening those potatoes. I get down on my other knee and I say
silver flame. If that truly was you send me another message. What in the.
I just say that. Well I don't need another sign. That's fucking that's more than you
should be able to ask for. I was right. I think well I guess nothing happened so I
guess that we're just potato farmers now. Well we decided we were going to be.
I wouldn't say we were. Can I invite my friend Jeff Goldblum over.
No I'm kidding. I didn't mean to make that sound that implied that the answer is no.
Look the truth is you guys don't have to come with me. It's not like.
We're not potato farmers. We're warriors. We're spiritual warriors. We've done nothing
but fail. We never remember what we're doing. Why do you wake up at 8 a.m. every morning and
lift and pump iron if you're not. That's not potato prepping you know. You're getting ready for
something. You're not a potato prepper. That's me. That's me trying to live past 47.
Because I like milkshakes and Philly cheese steaks. And my fiance who's 12 years younger
than me and a woman which means she has 24 more years on average to live than me.
I don't want to like die going like oh man.
Don't break the fourth wall. Hey this character doesn't work out. Can I give you guys like
easy pitch. Let's stop potato farming. That's not what we're meant to do. You're at your pit.
You're acting like you're subversive now. We haven't even started potato farming and you're
like what if we. So one thing we haven't tried. Look I'm. What were you going to say. I just
I just pick a direction and then I'm like OK great. And then the next episode happens and
you go the opposite direction. So like the last time you're like what if we were potato farmers
and I was like OK. Right. And now you're like all you're doing is like we can't be potato farmers.
Not me. I'm not doing. No I know. But it's just like. But it's like.
The only if the only thing you want know is that you don't want to do the thing there is.
That's not the only thing that I know. Right. I'm stopping you there. But this is the loyal you.
All right. Right. If the only thing one does is nothing then nothing gets done. Yeah I get that
right is why I wanted to become a potato farmer because I was like that's a thing I can remember
through a blackout drunk to the next episode. Like we're because I felt like we're you perceive
me or us or the royal we as like disrespecting the game. I know I'm always like the impetus
between me behind me. The potato farming thing was honestly like as usual which I've done it
before where I'm just kind of like we're like we're like shitting all over this thing that Spencer
preps for like we never know what we're doing and we always end up like burning people's houses
down and it's like not like we don't know what we're doing. We're always like oh what's your
name. The person's like my name is Todd. I've known me for 11 years and we're like yeah but I thought
you were Todd. We're like no the elephant's Todd and then he's like excited about horses and then
we're just like like we just kill people and then we don't know and I just like I dream of like
I'm like oh well maybe if we reset and we're just like like we make it simple like willow and we
just go plow a field and then we can just fucking really carefully like if an adventure comes along
we can like be like okay like we can't fuck this up and we'll just be like let's baby step this and
like let's take it seriously and not fuck it up. It's just my it's my it's my desire to do well.
No I get all that. I get all that. It's it's just again it's that now you're not doing that
and that's all you're spending time doing. I thought I was trying to get us out of potato
farming and just try to like trigger like that we were going to go on a new quest. I think you
should you you should let me potato farm because it seems like a thing that needs to happen to you
because you don't want it to happen. Okay I use my skill of wild empathy.
That makes me befriend animals. I befriend animals
and can I conjure an animal or is that animal I already have to be there?
Well that would be like a separate spell. It's been it's been good adventuring with you boys.
All right like look I'm bored. I don't want to be a potato farmer. I know I know if that's your
gang like I can dig it. I didn't mean to I didn't mean to pitch it like it's something I think we
should all do. I feel bad. I feel like a bad person. I feel bad at what I do. I feel like I
don't know how to do it right and I want to experience the thing that normal people experience
which is like oh shit I'm mad about this so I want to do it. I know exactly what I want to do
and it's like I get orders from the church and then I'm like reacting to a backstory and I forget
these details and it's just a tangled mess. I just always feel like I'm a fucking guest
at some party thrown by a stranger. The stranger is me. We worship a flame and it's not even the
color of regular flame. I haven't lost my faith in our God.
Just lost my faith in myself. Why don't you talk it out like maybe like in a rhythmic way.
I think you're suggesting that I invent singing and I'm right. You invent rapping. You can sing it.
Do it Stevie Nicks style because she just got inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
or you can test it like drinking. I don't want to know what a waterfall does.
Waterfalls do fine. I don't need to know why the leaves go down.
Just something that leaves the side
because when the planet goes round and round the people feel safe and sound but the devils
in the hollow earth help the Jews plan 9-11. They were worn out of the buildings.
You can Google it. Cliff Hanger. Thank you for coming to Harmon Channel everybody. Steve Levy.
There's more to that song and it actually turns out. I'm your Comptroller Jeff Davis.
Thank you all for coming. Thank you for Zach up there laying down the jam.
Your Game Master who didn't get to Game Master anything is Spencer Crittenden.
How about your mayor, Dan Harmon everybody. Thank you so much for coming. We love you.
We duly appreciate you coming down. We drive fast and take chances.
Did you get any of that? It's a good show.